Cross-link to new PostgreSQL extensions page (#4063)
prisma/docs: content/200-concepts/100-components/01-prisma-schema/08-features-without-psl-equivalent.mdx

  The UUID is _only_ generated if you use Prisma Client to create the `Post`. If you create posts in any other way, such as a bulk import script written in plain SQL, you must generate the UUID yourself.

### Enable PostgreSQL extensions for native database functions

In PostgreSQL, some native database functions are part of an extension. For example, in PostgreSQL versions 12.13 and earlier, the `gen_random_uuid()` function is part of the [`pgcrypto`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/10/pgcrypto.html) extension.

> To use a PostgreSQL extension, it must first be installed on the file system of your database server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a PostgreSQL extension, you must first install it on the file system of your database server.
```

Suggestion to avoid passive voice.
